add mongo note to changelog (#4978)
StackStorm/st2: CHANGELOG.rst

* Add make command to autogen JSON schema from the models of action, rule, etc. Add check
  to ensure update to the models require schema to be regenerated. (new feature)

Changed
~~~~~~~

> * Switched mongo 4.0 as the default version starting with all supported OS's in ST2 3.3.0 @punkrokk

Reviewer: Would be nice to follow the same Changelog format and keep it consistent. Looking at the older records:
```suggestion
* Switch to MongoDB ``4.0`` as the default version starting with all supported OS's in st2 ``v3.3.0`` (improvement) #4972
Contributed by @punkrokk 
```

* Add make command to autogen JSON schema from the models of action, rule, etc. Add check
  to ensure update to the models require schema to be regenerated. (new feature)

Changed
~~~~~~~

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* Fixed a bug in the example nginx HA template declared headers twice (bug fix) #4966
  Contributed by @punkrokk
  

> * Switched mongo 4.0 as the default version in EL8 and Ubuntu 16.04 (xenail) @punkrokk

Reviewer 2: Isn't this going to be the default for all OSes?

Reviewer: Right.

Also in the Changelog `Changed` category is more suitable for this change, comparing to `Fixed` category.
